---
layout: faq
title: "FAQ"
description: "Frequently asked questions about Juno, an iOS Jupyter Notebook client for iPad and iPhone."
image: ""
lang: "en_GB"
date: 2017-09-01 11:00:00
author: Alex Staravoitau
no-blog: true
permalink: /faq/
---
## How do Juno and Juno Connect differ?
**[Juno](/){:target="_blank"}** is a complete Jupyter development environment for iOS — which means it doesn't need a server, since it runs code in your Jupyter notebooks locally, right on your iPad or iPhone. **[Juno Connect](/juno-connect/){:target="_blank"}**, on the other hand, is a Jupyter _client_ for iOS — it lets you use same Jupyter notebook editor you would find in Juno, but instead of running code on device it will use a remote Jupyter server (or cloud-computing service) as a computational backend.

Since Juno doesn't need a server to run, it is more deeply integrated into iOS, allowing you to open Jupyter notebooks from other apps, and even edit them "in-place", with all changes saved in the original location.

Juno Connect, being a client, connects to a remote Jupyter server instead (or cloud-computing service, such as [CoCalc](http://cocalc.com){:target="_blank"} or [Azure Notebooks](https://notebooks.azure.com){:target="_blank"}), giving you access to virtually unlimited computational resources of the server you are using as a backend.

## What languages and packages does Juno support?
Juno currently ships with **Python 3.6.6** kernel and following packages pre-installed:

* **NumPy 1.16.4**
* **Matplotlib 3.1.1**
* **Pandas 0.25.0**

You can also install any additional packages, as long as they are pure Python ones: 
* [Install Python packages in Juno](/juno-pypi-package-installer/){:target="_blank"}

## How can I access my server in Juno Connect?
You can either access your Jupyter server directly over HTTP/HTTPS, or by establishing an SSH tunnel with port forwarding. See these guides on how to configure your server and connect to it from your iPad or iPhone: 

* [Connect to Jupyter server using SSH port forwarding](/ssh-tunnel-to-jupyter-server/){:target="_blank"}
* [Connect to Jupyter server directly](/direct-connection-to-jupyter-server/){:target="_blank"}

Alternatively, if you don't want to go through the hassle of configuring your own server, you could use one of cloud-computing services that are based on Jupyter, such as [CoCalc](http://cocalc.com){:target="_blank"}, [Azure Notebooks](https://notebooks.azure.com){:target="_blank"} or [Binder](https://mybinder.org){:target="_blank"}.

{:refdef: .notice}
<i class="fa fa-info-circle fa-2x" aria-hidden="true" style="color: #CCCCCC; vertical-align: middle;"></i><span style="display:inline-block; width: 8px;"></span> <span>Unfortunately, Google Colaboratory is not supported in Juno Connect (yet). Meanwhile, it wouldn't hurt to ping them through customer support, so that they know there is interest in Juno Connect integration. 😉</span>
{: refdef}

## Does Juno Connect support JupyterLab?
Juno Connect doesn't support any JupyterLab specific features yet; however, all JupyterLab servers also include “classic" Jupyter Notebook as a fallback option, which Juno Connect works with perfectly. JupyterLab servers should be detected automatically in Juno Connect, redirecting to this "classic" interface — if your server keeps loading JupyterLab, try appending `/tree` to your JupyterLab server URL. 

## My hardware keyboard doesn’t have an Esc key
Notebook editor in Juno and Juno Connect allows configuring an additional binding to **Control** or **Option** key, which will duplicate **Esc** key and will let you enter command mode, for instance.

## I discovered a defect
Please, report all defects and feature requests in the issue tracker: [Juno Issue Tracker](https://github.com/rationalmatter/Juno-Issue-Tracker){:target="_blank"}.

## I can't get it to work!
Please, check out [our guides](/docs/){:target="_blank"} on most common issues, or send us an e-mail, and we will be happy to help: [help@juno.sh](mailto:help@juno.sh).

